init readme (#1)
painor/telethon-tgcrypto: README.rst

telethon-tgcrypto
-----

Module ``telethon-tgcrypto`` brings better performance to
`Telethon <https://github.com/LonamiWebs/Telethon>`__ lib.

Installation

> ------------

Reviewer: This and credits should probably be smaller headers, but I'm not sure how RST works exactly

> Note: you must not have ``cryptg`` installed, because it interfiers with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**N.B.** you must not have ``cryptg`` installed, because it interferes with
```

> About

Reviewer: Usually the readme should start with the project name

```suggestion
telethon-tgcrypto
```
